# PyTracer - New modifications

all_datasets/combined_dataset.csv: contains ticket_id, issue_id, resolved, description, summary, created, commit_info
all_datasets/target_ticket_ids.txt: list of target_ticket_ids
all_datasets/ticket_repo.csv: contains: ticket_id, list of repo

ticket_embedding_collection/: generate result by code (need to create the folder manually)
source_code_embedding_collection/: generate result by code (need to create the folder manually)
ranked_results/: final ranking results based on semantic similarity (need to create the folder manually)
all_repos/: folder containing all repos


Final results store in ranked_results/: one ticket per txt file, each line in the txt file containing source code file dir and similarities.

If first time usage: change is_building in config.py to True


This is a modification add on to the BrTracer implementation. It computes the file similarity for each source code file.
It follows the steps below:
1. load tickets and generate vector embedding using codebert model.
2. for every repo, find all java files.
3. for every single file, extract all methods. 
4. generate vector embedding for every method using codebert model.
5. for every ticket:
   1. calculate the cosine similarity between every method and the ticket embedding. 
   2. for every source code file, pick the method embedding with the highest similarity with the ticket embedding to represent the file.
   3. record this similarity as the context similarity of the file and this ticket.
   4. repeat for the next ticket.
6. This result is used to combine with the file similarity generated by BrTracer